---
layout: post
title: 'New Job and a time for a career reinvention'
tags: job programming development mobile android ios windows-phone
comments: true
permalink: newjob
share: true
---

Hello everyone,

I know this is not usual post but i want to let you know something very exiting (for me):

> I got a new job!

With more than 8 years working in the Hospitality Industry and in the same company as a Software Engineer i thought it was the time for a career change. 

> Time for new projects and new challenges. 

I have been involved in numerous large-scale software releases providing me with a good hands-on experience creating and implementing software achitectures, also the ability to troubleshoot and solve problems in a timely and accurate manner.

As a software engineer, and more recently, 

I have:

* Build enterprise backend services/architecture for high load, high traffic, high availability processes for the Hospitality-Tourism industry, to help Individual and Chains of Properties(Hotels,Restaurants,SPAs,etc) to sell their inventory almost in "real time", including their rates, enhancements,services, packages, promotions and deals through existing channels.  

* Build a distributed client-server architecture for an Auto-Trade, a Trading system on top of the Award Winning Platform Ninja Trader.

* Build mobile software for the majors platforms: Android, IOs, Window Phone and HTML5 webapps.

I think that i'm well-seasoned about services/architecture for high load, high traffic,
high availability processes (that's my main area of interest).

So, i have a lot of confidence about my skills on this industry(Hospitality), 

But after that long time, and with the job change desicion in mind, some "fears" appeared.

You might not call it fear. But let’s face it. That’s what stops us from making the move out of a "miserable" job, or starting over in a new field no matter how right the time is to do just that. 

*It’s paralyzing* 

Some of those fears are:

* Fear of the unknown
* Fear of failure
* Fear of not complying with other people's expectations
* Fear of making a bad career change choice
* Fear of economic stability (having a family to maintain puts more preasure ¬¬)

To be honest. 

Right now, i'm a full time Java Enterprise Application Developer.

My job, almost all consist in developing backend services, and

> I'm switching to a Mobile career.

Yes, i will continue as a Software Engineer, but on the Mobile side mainly, developing apps and mobile services for Android, iOS, Windows Phone and others.

> Rigth time

I don't know about the future, but i think is and they got me in the rigth time.

Yes, i'm switching, i'm giving my career and oportunity.

I'm really excited about this new job i think is a great opportunity. 

I am going into a new adventure with the guys at [http://fewlaps.com/](http://fewlaps.com/). 

They convinced me with : "Come with us and you will be happy".

The guys at [Fewlaps](http://fewlaps.com/) are Master Craftsmen in the development of mobile applications.

I am very happy to become a part of the company and i will work for a great development with my complete knowledge and skills.




